secrets or flavored tobacco you still
one video about how to moisten dried
tobacco for this we need
accordingly, your sprayer
dried tobacco today we will be slippers
which my mother gave me in the house
engage video by hand hard night
you can open the corresponding tobacco
put it out of the jar on a piece of paper so
will be the fastest here but not the point
then take the spray gun, respectively
we spray this thing here I probably
now splashed a lot
accordingly, this case can be left and
moisten the tank and in the winter we pour to give
in winter, you can use the battery on the windowsill
because the principle is so warm and second
the way is matching but one of
subscribers well bye couple I said in
In general, he himself did so in the case of cigars
why not tobacco
the head did not come accordingly
dried tobacco
take and put
a refrigerator, that is, we take it
close accomplices one hundred percent
humidity and respectively tobacco through
some time its humidity
set the only thing of course
unconditionally by all means
the fact that tobacco does not like sharp
temperature drops i.e. perfect
tobacco storage temperature is a plus
18 degrees wow and accordingly
if in the fridge there is + 3 + 5 well
for a long time for so long experiment
I do not advise because the taste
characteristics of the glass I want here on
such a short video about how
still wet tobacco thank you for your attention
thank you watched my channel to new
meeting